##What did you learn about CSS padding, borders, and margin by doing this challenge?
Honestly, I don't think I really used padding borders and margin very much. I used padding a little bit when creating my navbar and the social links on the footer but other than those two applications, I did not find the need for those attributes. I don't think I'll ever use boarder. I think borders look very Web 1.0. I'd much rather use shadow than border to create separation between elements.
##What did you learn about CSS positioning?
Everything. At the beginning of the week in the accountability group, I was bemoaning how difficult it is to position elements so they end up where you want them. After this week, I have no trouble positioning elements intelligently. The combination of absolutely positioned elements within relatively or absolutely positioned elements is super super userful.
##What aspects of your design did you find easiest to implement? What was most difficult?
Fixed elements are very easy to implement. The biggest challenge was getting card elements to line up and space correctly. It is really beneficial to do the calculations based on measurements you get from the mock. If the position of the element were relative to that element's center, rather than its top-left corner, things would be easier. Alas.
##What did you learn about adding and formatting elements with CSS in this challenge?
I learned how adding an absolutely positioned element within a relative element is very userful. These two things combined makes it very easy to create "whole" elements that then move around on the page based on the location of other elements. For instance, if you know what a picture should always be in a certain place on a card but that card may move around in the future, relatively position the card and absolutely position the image relative to the card. Makes design so much easier!